iii README

This assignment is submitted by Mingzhe Li and Mengtian Li

Acknowledges: 
We would like to express our greatest appreciation for the help from
Professor Noah Mendelsohn and TAs who helped us, who are Alex, Jacob, 
Thomas, Eric, and Margaret.  We were also inspired by student-generated
information on Piazza.

sudoku:
        We decided to utilize a 2D array to hold the data of the sudoku 
        read in from the file.  We made such decision because it would
        be easier and convenient to use the _row_major() and 
        _col_major() mapping functions.

        We implemented an array of slots in the checking functions to 
        help achieve our goal.  This array will have 10 slots, among which
        slots[0] will be an "all_set" indicator, and each of the rest
        flags whether the number has appeared before.  E.g. if number
        9 has appeared in that row/col/sub, slots[9] gets 1, otherwise 0.
        So if any number that appeared twice, the program will know by looking
        at the slots.
        
        The limitation on the width and height of the sudoku is strictly 
        enforced, that it must be a 9*9, with the maximum valiue of 9. 
        Each element must be within the range of 1 to 9. 

        In a valid sudoku, each col, row and 3*3 sub-part contains 
        no same number. 
        
unblackedges:
        We implemented a Bit2_T to hold the input pbm image. Each pixel is 
        either zero or one, which represents white or black respectively.

        We used a 2D bitmap to represent the input image. A bitmap called 
        "visited" to represent the blackedges that has been removed. A stack
        called "fringe" that contains black edges to perform DFS search to 
        remove blackedges. One important variant is that each bit must be 0 
        after we put it in the "visited" bitmap (and the corresponding bit in 
        the "visited" bitmap must be 1). Another thing is that every bit in
        the "fringe" must be 1 (beacuse the bit is considered as a black edge).



working hours: 50+